## LeetCode solver via LangGraph

Use OpenAI chat API to generate a solution of a LeetCode problem

Read "Execution Sandbox" first!

## Execution sandbox

This runs python code generated by LLM, which can be untrustworthy.
Therefore, this sumbits the code to a python executor sandbox, and obtains its output/errors

Visit https://github.com/unclefomotw/code-executor to install the sandbox at local (Docker is required).

## Leetcode problem preparation

Create a directory with 4 files (see `.leetcode/leetcode3170/` as an example)
* `DESCRIPTION` - Description of the problem, in text. I usually just copy from the webpage
* `EXAMPLE` - Examples of the input/output in text. I usually just copy from the webpage
* `INTERFACE` - The interface of the solution for LLM to implement, as code.  I copy as-is from the </>Code section
* `TEST` - Runnable testing code using the interface.  I manually convert test cases into code, using `assert`
    * Imagine your solution code goes first, followed by this test code.  The whole piece should be executable
    * If the solution part is wrong, the piece needs to emit errors (that's why I use assert)
    * Simply print "this is not passed" to stdout does not work; I capture the (system) return code and stderr

## Run

```bash
$ PYTHONPATH=$(pwd) python src/leetcode_agent/la_agent.py <problem directory>
```

## Idea

The idea is to give LLM the description, example and the interface, and hope the LLM
generates the solution code using the interface.
Then the solution code is combined with the test code, and is sent to the sandbox to run.
If there's no error, we suppose this solution code is correct and print it out.

There are 2 kinds of test codes: `EXAMPLE` and AI generated.  However in reality,
the AI generated testing code is not that trustworthy (for LLM, writing solution is even easier than writing
test cases I guess).  Nevertheless, I still use AI to generate test cases.

